documents/constitution.md, before:

# ARTICLE I. NAME AND PURPOSE

## Section A. NAME

1.  The official name for this organization is the Dash Investment Foundation.
2.  This organization will use the name or its acronym, the DIF, in all publicity materials and correspondence.
3.  The DIF’s website domain and social media handle is DashInvests due to ease of usage, as well as character limits.

## Section B. PURPOSE

1. The primary purpose of this organization is to make investments in businesses operating in the blockchain, payments, and/or consumer tech industries, which will benefit Dash users/investors in one or both of the following ways:

  a. Dash ecosystem growth (estimated to lead to currency appreciation through increased demand for Dash; not measurable)

  b. Currency buying and “burning” (estimated to lead to currency appreciation through decreased supply of Dash; measurable)

2. The secondary purpose of this organization is, when prudent, to perform due diligence and make voting recommendations to the Dash network on treasury proposals made by profit-seeking entities.
3. All activities of this organization must be directed toward these purposes.


# ARTICLE II. SUPERVISORS

## Section A. REQUIREMENTS

1. Six supervisor roles exist within the organization, all of which are subject to an annual election by the Dash network except for the first year in which two of the six spots are pre-appointed.
2. Two director roles exist within the organization, both of which are appointable by the elected supervisors.
3. Any and all other positions that may be required in the future can be created and filled by the supervisors via majority vote and/or their delegates

## Section B. WITHDRAWAL OF MEMBERSHIP

1. The supervisors may dismiss a director, or any other high-level staff, via a majority vote
2. Five supervisors voting unanimously may propose to dismiss a sixth supervisor

# ARTICLE III. OFFICERS

## Section A. REQUIREMENTS FOR RUNNING FOR AND HOLDING OFFICE

1. All officers and candidates for office must meet the requirements established by applicable Cayman Islands law.
2. Only supervisors shall be voting members of the DIF.

## Section B. NOMINATIONS AND ELECTIONS

1. Candidates for DIF office may submit themselves once per year by 1st July.
2. The six supervisor candidates which receive the most votes in the approval-style election shall be named to office.

## Section C.

As appointed rather than elected officials, directors shall retain their office indefinitely until either resignation or removal by the supervisors, subject to any termination of contractual terms agreed upon with the DIF

# ARTICLE IV. MEETINGS

## Section A.

All supervisors and directors are required to attend an annual general meeting.

## Section B.
Meetings of supervisors and directors may be called by any combination of three of the supervisors in the case of supervisors, or one director in the case of directors. Notice of special meetings must be communicated to all supervisors and directors at least 48 hours in advance of the meeting.

## Section C.

To conduct business at any meeting, at least three supervisors must be present.

# ARTICLE V. COMMITTEES

## Section A.

Committees may be appointed by any combination of three of the supervisors at a regular meeting of the DIF.

## Section B.

In appointing such committees, the supervisors must specify the purpose and chair of that committee, and establish its duration.

# ARTICLE VI. AFFILIATIONS

## Section A. Cayman Islands

1. This organization is a Cayman Islands foundation company limited by guarantee.
2. The DIF agrees to abide by all pertinent Cayman Islands laws and regulations. Where Cayman laws and regulations and those of the Dash Investment Foundation differ, the laws and regulations of Cayman Islands will take precedence.

## Section B.
The DIF is a DFO (Dash-funded-organization) via the treasury/governance system of Dash’s blockchain-based network.

# ARTICLE VII. ADVISORS

## Section A. ADVISOR REQUIREMENTS

1. This organization may appoint advisors by majority vote of supervisors.
2. An advisor may not vote in DIF matters or hold office.

# ARTICLE VIII. AMENDMENTS

## Section A.
This constitution can be amended by a two-thirds vote of supervisors at a regular meeting of the DIF.

## Section B.
Notification of motion to amend must be made to supervisors at least one meeting in advance of the one in which the actual vote is taken.

# ARTICLE IX. FINANCIAL MATTERS
## Section A. INCOME/RESERVES

1. The DIF’s operations are funded only by one or both of the following: Dash treasury funds via passed proposals, and/or interest/dividends/capital gains earned on its investment holdings
2. The DIF will ask for a percentage of the Dash treasury every month
3. The DIF shall hold its funds in the following manner to provide a volatility buffer: ⅓ self-held or custodial Dash, ⅓ custodial gold, ⅓ custodial USD
4. The DIF shall not go into debt

## Section B. ACCOUNTING

1. The supervisors shall have the right to view and audit any financial, legal, or other records of this organization.
2. The DIF does its accounting in terms of USD as a base currency, regardless of asset-types held.
Section C. In the event of dissolution, the DIF’s assets will be liquidated. After covering any existing liabilities, all remaining assets will be converted to Dash and burned.

# ARTICLE X. TRANSPARENCY

## Section A.
The secretary shall endeavor to make public a bi-weekly update post to keep any and all interested parties abreast of the DIF’s general activities
## Section. B.
The DIF shall endeavor to hold a public quarterly call in which it reports on its activities from the previous quarter and its current balance sheet

Commit message:

Edits to election process to provide clairity and continuity
These edits would allow DIF supervisor elections to be stagared. This reduces turnover and provides for continuity.

documents/constitution.md, after:

# ARTICLE I. NAME AND PURPOSE

## Section A. NAME

1.  The official name for this organization is the Dash Investment Foundation.
2.  This organization will use the name or its acronym, the DIF, in all publicity materials and correspondence.
3.  The DIF’s website domain and social media handle is DashInvests due to ease of usage, as well as character limits.

## Section B. PURPOSE

1. The primary purpose of this organization is to make investments in businesses operating in the blockchain, payments, and/or consumer tech industries, which will benefit Dash users/investors in one or both of the following ways:

  a. Dash ecosystem growth (estimated to lead to currency appreciation through increased demand for Dash; not measurable)

  b. Currency buying and “burning” (estimated to lead to currency appreciation through decreased supply of Dash; measurable)

2. The secondary purpose of this organization is, when prudent, to perform due diligence and make voting recommendations to the Dash network on treasury proposals made by profit-seeking entities.
3. All activities of this organization must be directed toward these purposes.


# ARTICLE II. SUPERVISORS

## Section A. REQUIREMENTS

1. Six supervisor roles exist within the organization, all of which are subject to an annual election by the Dash network except for the first year in which two of the six spots are pre-appointed.
2. Two director roles exist within the organization, both of which are appointable by the elected supervisors.
3. Any and all other positions that may be required in the future can be created and filled by the supervisors via majority vote and/or their delegates.

## Section B. WITHDRAWAL OF MEMBERSHIP

1. The supervisors may dismiss a director, or any other high-level staff, via a majority vote.
2. Five supervisors voting unanimously may propose to dismiss a sixth supervisor.

# ARTICLE III. OFFICERS

## Section A. REQUIREMENTS FOR RUNNING FOR AND HOLDING OFFICE

1. All officers and candidates for office must meet the requirements established by applicable Cayman Islands law.
2. Only supervisors shall be voting members of the DIF Board of Supervisors.

## Section B. NOMINATIONS AND ELECTIONS

1. Any eligible community member may submit themselves once per year by 1st July of any year.
2. Each masternode is afforded one vote per candidate in an approval style election.
3. In 2021 the six eligible candidates with the most approval votes will be appointed as supervisors. The three supervisors out of these with the most votes will be appointed to seats with a two year term. Other supervisors will be appointed to seats for a one year term.
4. Years following 2021, the three candidates with the most approval votes will be appointed for two year terms.  
5. In the event that fewer candidates receive a non-zero number of votes than available board seats, elected supervisors may fill a vacancy by majority vote.

## Section C. DIRECTOR TERMS and REPLACEMENTS

As appointed rather than elected officials, directors shall retain their office indefinitely until either resignation or removal by the supervisors, subject to any termination of contractual terms agreed upon with the DIF.

# ARTICLE IV. MEETINGS

## Section A.

All supervisors and directors are required to attend an annual general meeting.

## Section B.
Meetings of supervisors and directors may be called by any combination of three of the supervisors in the case of supervisors, or one director in the case of directors. Notice of special meetings must be communicated to all supervisors and directors at least 48 hours in advance of the meeting.

## Section C.

To conduct business at any meeting, at least three supervisors must be present.

# ARTICLE V. COMMITTEES

## Section A.

Committees may be appointed by any combination of three of the supervisors at a regular meeting of the DIF.

## Section B.

In appointing such committees, the supervisors must specify the purpose and chair of that committee, and establish its duration.

# ARTICLE VI. AFFILIATIONS

## Section A. Cayman Islands

1. This organization is a Cayman Islands foundation company limited by guarantee.
2. The DIF agrees to abide by all pertinent Cayman Islands laws and regulations. Where Cayman laws and regulations and those of the Dash Investment Foundation differ, the laws and regulations of Cayman Islands will take precedence.

## Section B.
The DIF is a DFO (Dash-funded-organization) via the treasury/governance system of Dash’s blockchain-based network.

# ARTICLE VII. ADVISORS

## Section A. ADVISOR REQUIREMENTS

1. This organization may appoint advisors by majority vote of supervisors.
2. An advisor may not vote in DIF matters or hold office.

# ARTICLE VIII. AMENDMENTS

## Section A.
This constitution can be amended by a two-thirds vote of supervisors at a regular meeting of the DIF.

## Section B.
Notification of motion to amend must be made to supervisors at least one meeting in advance of the one in which the actual vote is taken.

# ARTICLE IX. FINANCIAL MATTERS
## Section A. INCOME/RESERVES

1. The DIF’s operations are funded only by one or both of the following: Dash treasury funds via passed proposals, and/or interest/dividends/capital gains earned on its investment holdings
2. The DIF will ask for a percentage of the Dash treasury every month
3. The DIF shall hold its funds in the following manner to provide a volatility buffer: ⅓ self-held or custodial Dash, ⅓ custodial gold, ⅓ custodial USD
4. The DIF shall not go into debt

## Section B. ACCOUNTING

1. The supervisors shall have the right to view and audit any financial, legal, or other records of this organization.
2. The DIF does its accounting in terms of USD as a base currency, regardless of asset-types held.
Section C. In the event of dissolution, the DIF’s assets will be liquidated. After covering any existing liabilities, all remaining assets will be converted to Dash and burned.

# ARTICLE X. TRANSPARENCY

## Section A.
The secretary shall endeavor to make public a bi-weekly update post to keep any and all interested parties abreast of the DIF’s general activities
## Section. B.
The DIF shall endeavor to hold a public quarterly call in which it reports on its activities from the previous quarter and its current balance sheet
