Monday Aug 10, 2020

Present:  Jan, Walter, unchained, Darren Tapp, Amanda B. Johnson, Ryan Taylor

15:00 UTC start

Ryan spoke and expressed a desire for more than the legal two of protectors.  

Ryan suggested that it might not be best to have only two supervisors, it might be helpful to appoint more.  

Walter has agreed to stay on since only two are on board currently.

Darren asks about publishing a balance sheet, Amanda says Casey might be the best to check with.  

When Demelza was hired she suggested a trading or re-balancing strategy.  

15:20 UTC Walter joined

Darren expresses the idea that the DIF could maintain a list of Angel investors that want to fund Dash related projects.

Jan brought up the fact that many projects that ask for funding are already

Ryan mentioned that there could be several purposes for the DIF

1) Provide for price stabilization with a balancing strategy

2) Accumulate assets under management

3) Provide funding for larger projects

4) Fund startups that will build out Dash infrastructure.

Ryan suggest that communication will be very important for the success of the DIF.

Ryan suggests that a small goal might be what the DIF needs for community support

Tuesday Aug 11, 2020

Present:  Walter, unchained, Darren Tapp, Amanda B. Johnson, Ryan Taylor

15:00 UTC start

There was discussion about flattening the website, and adding an intake form.  The supervisors agreed to have unchained work on flattening the website and using a third party service to
handle an intake form for funding.  Darren promoted the idea of an intake form where accredited investors could sign up for an email list.

There was discussion about what the goals of the DIF should be.  Darren expressed the idea that the DIF's main goal should not be increasing assets under management.
Darren suggested that providing service to the network should be the main goal. Darren expects a two year period where the DIF consumes money for operations, before it can be
revetue neutral or revenue generating.  

Darren also advertised his thoughts which he has posted here: [blog.tappmath.com/posts/dash-investment-foundation-goals/](https://blog.tappmath.com/posts/dash-investment-foundation-goals/)

Darren highlighted that VC investors expect a 90% failure rate at picking startups.

Unchained expressed the desire to invest in projects that were certain to succeed with the goal of increasing assets under management.  
Amanda asked how he had access to a list of projects that were certain to succeed.  

Ryan joined the call around 15:40

Ryan helped ground our discussion to the topic of identifying goals.  Ryan suggested that a re-balancing strategy with real assets could provide the network with value.  
Ryan also explained that 90% of startup fail.  
Darren suggested that a trading bot could be used.  Ryan suggested that that would be a market making roll and was distinct from what he was talking about.

There was general agreement that Fiat exposure was not what a general Dash user in the network was interested in.

Darren asked if the DIF with scaled down operation could still be available to help third party proposal owners that wanted to fund for profit ventures.

There seemed to be general interest in helping third party proposal owners.

Ryan stated that the DIF must make sure that accepting equity would not harm the DIF before a proposal was made. Also a third party making a proposal directing the DIF to accept equity should directly pay out
to the DIF.  That way the DIF could make sure the paperwork was correct before the company was funded.

The supervisors and Ryan agreed to meet again on Aug 24.
